Update azure-kubernetes-service-backup-troubleshoot.md (#126195)
Azure/azure-content: articles/backup/azure-kubernetes-service-backup-troubleshoot.md

6. Delete and reinstall Backup Extension to initiate backup. 

### Scenario 4

**Error message**:

   ```Error
   "message": "Error: [ InnerError: [Helm installation failed : Unable to create/update Kubernetes resources for the extension : Recommendation Please check that there are no policies blocking the resource creation/update for the extension : InnerError [release azure-aks-backup failed, and has been uninstalled due to atomic being set: failed pre-install: job failed: BackoffLimitExceeded]]] occurred while doing the operation : [Create] on the config, For general troubleshooting visit: https://aka.ms/k8s-extensions-TSG, For more application specific troubleshooting visit: Facing trouble? Common errors and potential fixes are detailed in the Kubernetes Backup Troubleshooting Guide, available at https://www.aka.ms/aksclusterbackup",
   ```
The upgrade CRDs pre-install job is failing in the cluster.

**Cause**: Pods Unable to Communicate with Kube API Server

**Debug**

> 1. Check for any events in the cluster related to pod spawn issue.
> ```azurecli-interactive
> kubectl events -n dataprotection-microsoft
> ```
> Example log message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check for any events in the cluster related to pod spawn issue.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl events -n dataprotection-microsoft
```
2. Check the pods for dataprotection crds.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl get pods -A | grep "dataprotection-microsoft-kubernetes-agent-upgrade-crds"
```
3. Check the pods logs.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl logs -f --all-containers=true --timestamps=true -n dataprotection-microsoft <pod-name-from-prev-command>
```
Example log message:
```

6. Delete and reinstall Backup Extension to initiate backup. 

### Scenario 4

**Error message**:

   ```Error
   "message": "Error: [ InnerError: [Helm installation failed : Unable to create/update Kubernetes resources for the extension : Recommendation Please check that there are no policies blocking the resource creation/update for the extension : InnerError [release azure-aks-backup failed, and has been uninstalled due to atomic being set: failed pre-install: job failed: BackoffLimitExceeded]]] occurred while doing the operation : [Create] on the config, For general troubleshooting visit: https://aka.ms/k8s-extensions-TSG, For more application specific troubleshooting visit: Facing trouble? Common errors and potential fixes are detailed in the Kubernetes Backup Troubleshooting Guide, available at https://www.aka.ms/aksclusterbackup",
   ```
The upgrade CRDs pre-install job is failing in the cluster.

**Cause**: Pods Unable to Communicate with Kube API Server

**Debug**

> 1. check for any events in the cluster related to pod spawn issue
> ```azurecli-interactive
> kubectl events -n dataprotection-microsoft
> ```
> 2. check the pods for dataprotection crds
> ```azurecli-interactive
> kubectl get pods -A | grep "dataprotection-microsoft-kubernetes-agent-upgrade-crds"
> ```
> 3. check the pods logs
> ```azurecli-interactive
> kubectl logs -f --all-containers=true --timestamps=true -n dataprotection-microsoft <pod-name-from-prev-command>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check for any events in the cluster related to pod spawn issue.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl events -n dataprotection-microsoft
```
2. Check the pods for dataprotection crds.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl get pods -A | grep "dataprotection-microsoft-kubernetes-agent-upgrade-crds"
```
3. Check the pods logs.
```azurecli-interactive
kubectl logs -f --all-containers=true --timestamps=true -n dataprotection-microsoft <pod-name-from-prev-command>
```

```
Example log message:
```Error
2024-08-09T06:21:37.712646207Z Unable to connect to the server: dial tcp: lookup aks-test.hcp.westeurope.azmk8s.io: i/o timeout
2024-10-01T11:26:17.498523756Z Unable to connect to the server: dial tcp 10.146.34.10:443: i/o timeout
```

> **Resolution**:
> In this case, the there is Network/Calico policy or NSG that did not allow dataprotection-microsoft pods to communicate with the API server. 
> You should allow the dataprotection-microsoft namespace ,and then reinstall the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resolution**:
In this case, there is a Network/Calico policy or NSG that didn't allow dataprotection-microsoft pods to communicate with the API server. 
You should allow the dataprotection-microsoft namespace, and then reinstall the extension.
```
